oh hey hey remember that necklace that I
gave you last year can I see it why I
just want to check somewhere okay now
we'll see where'd all the time the
necklace I got you was gold this is
silver huh well maybe it changed oh my
god you actually exchanged it well isn't
it better that I exchange it for
something that I enjoy and then I can
get a lot of use out of what did you get
credit you kiss my girlfriend
oh I like the sunglasses like him like a
more I'd like to get store credit for
that amount like him laughs on Napoli
all right everybody this turkey is ready
what can i watch them yeah let me show
you
okay the towels are hanging next to the
sink and um you can use the fancy soap
thank you fancy soap I thought we were
saving that for the Pope he's nice right
yeah but Monica do you really want to be
in a relationship where you can actually
use the phrase that's not how your dad
used to do it
[Applause]
Wow anything looks great where should I
sit
saved you a seat I'll get it gotcha that
doesn't sound like thinking to me
sorry you know I don't you should be
talking it all in there
I think you got too much thinking to do
to be talking and making jokes okay okay
you got it
Ross could you pass me the yams sure oh
and Joey's got the mashed potatoes if
you want to exchange them
well you stop what is the matter with
you oh we've got company there's nothing
the matter with me see I'm not
completely devoid of sentiment see I
have feelings okay fine you can't tell
but I'm trying to break the tension by
mooning you guys don't say that I have
no sentiment this is a movie stub from
our first date this is an eggshell from
the first time you made me breakfast in
bed this is from the museum the first
time we were together okay maybe I
exchange gifts sometimes but I keep the
things that matter I don't know what to
say I'm sorry though they're not
supposed to take these it's like a
million years old we actually we have
people looking for that
this always happens let me thank you you
you're very beautiful I know my friends
all think this is weird you know I
thought it was gonna be weird I mean I
almost called to cancel but it really
isn't
I know I mean like me and your dad
that's a totally separate thing Oh
totally agree
oh yeah we're just two people who find
each other very attractive right
what nothing nothing no oh really was
was it was that not okay no no no that
that was good it was that was a that was
a good kiss
oh my god it didn't remind you don't say
it no but it did didn't it